hello Lyman Giants Tuesday physio area
second punxsutawney phil has apparently
predicted in early spring and I'm here
to talk to you about what I learned
about love from vampires now if you've
been watching me for a while you know
that last summer I read Twilight just to
see what all the buzz was about and of
course I'm a little bit late to the game
but I just like to say that I don't
think it's as consequential as people
seem to think it is I didn't hate it as
much as people hate it and I didn't love
it as much as people love it I just
thought it was you know boring but I can
say I agree with what people have been
complaining about which is that the
relationship at its core is very empty
bella loves edward because he's strong
and beautiful edward loves bella because
her blood smells good and she can't
bring herself to leave him he wants to
eat her but doesn't because he doesn't
eat anybody anymore apparently which can
be the basis for a good story I have to
admit this whole idea of a rogue evil
person can be very compelling however
the only thing that Stephenie Meyer has
to say about Edward is that he's perfect
she doesn't even really say what
perfection is however there's definitely
a lot more good lovin going on in
Dracula i have to admit i was expecting
Dracula to be a little more prominent in
the book that was named after him but it
turns out that it's about a handful of
people who are most affected by him
there's a pair of women who have been
best friends for pretty much their whole
lives and they are also both engaged and
eventually become married Jonathan
Harker the husband of Mina ends up being
taken in by Dracula and actually helps
Dracula get to London to try and infect
their population now let me clarify the
process of infection is actually a lot
more time-consuming than it is in a lot
of other stories of vampires it's not
just like he bites you and you turned
into a vampire dracula has to stalk you
and bite you pretty much every night for
like a month before you turn into a
vampire and this starts happening to the
main characters in Dracula and the whole
story is about how much they're willing
to sacrifice for each other there's the
best friend relationship between Mina
and Lucy where they just tell each other
everything and the same thing can be
said between them and their spouses as
well in fact pretty late in the book for
various reasons Jonathan has to
completely cut off communications with
Mina and it basically destroys both of
the
morales love that people have for each
other in this book is so deep that when
one of them gets infected the person who
loves the most has to bring themselves
to kill the vampire and then they see
the peace wash over the face of the dead
corpse and I think that's just just
incredibly touching that you love
someone so much that you would go
against everything that you believe you
should do for them in order to ensure
that they have eternal rest so in
conclusion Dracula has a lot of really
good things to say about love Twilight
not so much but most do you already knew
that just a few updates today is the
last day that we are accepting vlogging
entries for the fizzy Olympics there
will be several still linked at the end
of the video I will also put all of the
videos that I have thus far in the
description so that you guys can go
watch them and decide who you would like
to win the people's choice award and
with that I'll see you guys tomorrow
hey guys i'm editing right now and i
just realized that i forgot to mention
that i learned a new synonym for
twilight from this book The Invisible
Man the word is gloaming so if you ever
want to talk about that time after dusk
without mentioning that book series just
use the word gloaming and nobody will
know that you're actually talking about
Twilight I'm not like good submissions
I'm not so soon besides what is